Ellevate Pittsburgh's Network for Women | Ellevate
Skip to main content
Ellevate
Join
Events
All Events
Virtual Roundtables
Local Chapter Meetups
Community Circles
Executive Events
Mobilize Women Summit
Past Events
Community
Events Calendar
Squads
Member Directory
Ellevate Experts
Chapters
Chapter Leadership
Member Spotlights
Membership
Live Welcome Sessions
About
Pricing
Member Successes
Pay it Forward
EllevateHER Scholarship
Resources
Articles
Podcast
Videos
For Employers
Partner With Us
Company Spotlights
Post a Job
Sign In
Join
Home
Chapters
Pittsburgh
Network with Professional Women in Pittsburgh
Ellevate is the largest community for women+ at work. We’re a powerful coalition of ambitious, supportive people making work more fulfilling - both for ourselves and others.
Get the happiness you deserve.
No matter the challenge, you don't have to face it alone - but it’s up to you to take the first step.
Join Ellevate
Already have an account?
Sign In
.
Upcoming Events in Pittsburgh
Ellevate + Caffeinate: Worth the Risk
What do you say to taking chances? Learn how stepping out of your comfort zone can lead to growth, opportunity, and success.
Friday, Aug 8,  5:00 AM PDT
Online
Ellevate + Caffeinate: The Slow Down
Take a breath and join us for a conversation about the importance of slowing down and some grounding mindfulness exercises.
Friday, Sep 12,  5:00 AM PDT
Online
Pittsburgh Lunch & Learn: Fuel Your Life - Nutrition Discussion with Healthy & Sustainable Cooking Tips
Join Ellevate Pittsburgh for unique programming focused on how to live a healthy and sustainable lifestyle.
Wednesday, Oct 8,  9:00 AM PDT
Online
Ellevate + Caffeinate: Get Fit with AI
Get ready to sweat smarter, not harder, as we explore the future of fitness with AI-powered workout plans that fit your needs and goals.
Friday, Oct 10,  5:00 AM PDT
Online
Ellevate + Caffeinate: Money Matters
Let’s talk finances—how to take control, plan for the future, and make smart money moves in your personal and professional life.
Friday, Nov 14,  5:00 AM PST
Online
Previous
Next
Previous Events
Ellevate Pittsburgh Membership
Network in real time, in the real world (and online with us during our virtual events, like our popular Ellevate + Caffeinate coffee chats).
Get energized and have fun while nurturing your career growth at our meetups.
We foster relationship-building with local members to help you build your network, without centering everything around promotional business talk.
We host a range of events, including happy hours, workshops, service events (help the community and meet new people!) and speaker engagements.
Want to discuss being involved in some way with an upcoming event? Want to learn about ways you could support our efforts as a volunteer? Email us about speaking, hosting or event support involvement: pittsburgh@ellevatenetwork.com.
Meet Our Leadership Team
Andrea Curtis
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter President
Financial Advisor at Wells Fargo Advisors
Join Ellevate to Meet Andrea
Kelly Hartzberg
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter Events Lead
Head of Business Operations at Sterling
Join Ellevate to Meet Kelly
Kristina Martin
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter Communications Lead
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist at Navvis (Healthcare)
Join Ellevate to Meet Kristina
Bex Howell
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter Operations Lead
Owner + Virtual Business Partner at Chameleon Business Partners, LLC
Join Ellevate to Meet Bex
Kaitlin Eberhart
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter Marketing Lead
Segment Growth Leader; Restaurant, Franchise & Hospitality at Aprio
Join Ellevate to Meet Kaitlin
Leann Moore
Wexford, PA
VP, Finance & Operations at OpenArc
Join Ellevate to Meet Leann
Julie Fulesday
Chapter Content Events Lead
Customer Success Director at Numerator
Join Ellevate to Meet Julie
Romy Pinkovsky RN, BSN, COHN-S/CM
Pittsburgh, PA
Chapter Event Operations Lead
Global Occupational Health Nurse Manager at AbbVie Inc.
Join Ellevate to Meet Romy
Barbara Strnad
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Chapter Advisor
Corporate Business, Real Estate, and Energy Attorney at Dickie, McCamey & Chilcote, P.C.
Join Ellevate to Meet Barbara
Previous
Next
Learn more about Chapter Leadership
All about Ellevate Pittsburgh
We connect women+ in the Pittsburgh area. Through our chapter events, both in person and virtual, we strive to help our members "ellevate" their careers. Connect with us: Pittsburgh@ellevatenetwork.com. We’re also on LinkedIn, sharing a northeastern U.S. page with other regional chapters (follow us for the latest news):
https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/ellevate-northeast-community
Our dynamic and committed leadership team is focused on providing the tools and forums necessary to assist women with the advancement of their personal and professional goals at every stage of their development.
> Did you know?
By becoming an Ellevate Chapter Leader, you'll build on your previous leadership experience, grow your professional brand, support the working women in your area, and make valuable connections that last. Email us to discuss interest in getting involved (leader, volunteer, one-off support): Pittsburgh@ellevatenetwork.com
More
Ellevate brings a higher caliber of women into your network. They’re go-getters. They’re focused. They’re really strong business women.
I found Ellevate at a pivotal moment in my career, when I wanted to shift directions but didn’t know how. Hearing the stories of so many successful women who had gone through career transitions gave me the strength find my own path and take control of my future.
I love my [Ellevate] Squad! The facilitator asked GREAT questions and really helped us all get to the root of our roadblocks. We were all able to help each other because we had different backgrounds and experiences. We plan to keep meeting regularly!
I just recently became an Ellevate member and I am loving the quality and depth of conversations that are taking place at Ellevate events. So, thank YOU!
More
Other Upcoming Events Recommended for You
Mobilize Women Roundtable: Using Your Voice & Standing Out
Join us during MWW for a safe and fun virtual opportunity for go-getters to connect peer-to-peer through casual conversation guided by Ellevate’s Maricella Herrera, and #MobilizeWomen special guests.
Wednesday, Aug 26, 2020 10:00 AM PDT
Online
Mobilize Women Small Business Owners Roundtable: Mobilizing Enterprising Women to Think Big
Join us during MWW for a safe and fun virtual opportunity for entrepreneurs and business owners women to connect peer-to-peer through casual guided conversation and #MobilizeWomen special guests.
Wednesday, Aug 26, 2020 10:00 AM PDT
Online
Mobilize Women Corporate Execs Roundtable: Leading to Change The Culture of Business
Join us during MWW for a safe, fun virtual opportunity for Executive women to connect peer-to-peer through casual conversation guided by Ellevate CEO, Kristy Wallace and #MobilizeWomen special guests.
Wednesday, Aug 26, 2020 10:00 AM PDT
Online
Start Your Free Membership
Meet Our Members
Hilda Maria Valdespino
I am a white Cuban woman who has achieved more than I could possibly ever have imagined. I have served as on Boards of various kinds.  I have run my own business.  In my mid-50's I served as an Ame...
Member Spotlight
Colleen Paulson
My name is Colleen Paulson - I'm a Certified Professional Resume Writer (CPRW) and career coach based in Pittsburgh, PA. I help clients to position themselves in this competitive job market. Often,...
Member Spotlight
Sharon Podobnik
I'm Sharon, a career educator who recently switched gears to focus on creating more dialogue around personal growth and self-care!
Member Spotlight
Mary Murrin
I am a communications executive with experience building reputation and growth strategies for large Global corporations as well as early-stage techn.
Member Spotlight
Previous
Next
Celebrate Member Successes
Lisa Arning Receives "Power Women In Business Award"
Lisa Arning, was recognized for her professional and personal achievements as a high-powered women who has made a significant contribution to the Long Island community.
Pittsburgh 40 Under 40
Deanna Tomaselli, Ellevate Pittsburgh Chapter President, was recently recognized by Pittsburgh Magazine as one of its honorees for the 2014 40 Under 40 class.
Previous
Next
Chapter Photos
Previous
Next
All Photos
Pencil in the best hour of your week.
In just one hour, get the confidence you need to face your challenges head on.
We’ll help you get started at Ellevate 101
.
Start Your Free Membership
Our Mission
We are creating a world where everyone belongs by helping women who challenge the status quo thrive at work.
About Ellevate
Our Team
Careers
Press
Media Partnerships
Contact
Support Center
Event Waiver
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
EllevateNetwork on Facebook
@EllevateNtwk on Twitter
Ellevate on Linkedin
@ellevate_ntwk on Instagram
You deserve a career you love
Let us introduce you to people who genuinely want to help you succeed.
Sign up with Email
Already have an account?
Sign in
By clicking sign up you agree to Ellevate’s
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
Sign up with email
My name is
Enter your first & last name
My email address is
Email must be valid
Enter a password
Passwords must be at least 8 characters long
Continue
Sign in with Google
Build Your Ellevate Program
Get a fresh perspective! You’ll find safe spaces to talk honestly about what’s happening at work.
Which program would you like to explore?
*
Pick a program
Executive
Rising Leader
Entrepreneur
Please pick a program
What do you need help with?
*
Pick a goal
Executive Leadership
Career Change
Managing People
Building an Inclusive Culture
Stress Management and Self-Care
Standing Out and Getting Promoted
Sponsorship and Mentoring
Getting on a Board of Directors
Small Business Ownership
Negotiation and Communication
Building a Personal Brand
Confidence and Impostor Syndrome
Please pick a goal
Referral chapter
*
Pick a Chapter
Atlanta
Austin
Bengaluru
Boston
Central New Jersey
Charlotte
Chicago
Cincinnati
Dallas - Fort Worth
Denver
Dubai
Fairfield | Westchester
Houston
London
Long Island
Los Angeles
Madrid
Miami | Ft. Lauderdale
Nashville
NC Triangle
New York
Northern New Jersey
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
San Diego
San Francisco
São Paulo
Seattle | Bellevue | Puget Sound
Toronto
Twin Cities - Minneapolis | St. Paul
Washington, D.C.
Continue
Meet The Right People
Help us introduce you to trusted peers in your program.
Which groups do you identify with?
LGBTQ+ Community
Latinas
Expats
Military Veterans & Spouses
Parents
Black and African-American Community
Board Members and Directors
Older Professionals
Asian and Pacific Islanders
Employee Resource Group Leaders
Opportunity & Job Hunters
Mission Driven Professionals
Remote and Hybrid Professionals
Disability Community
Caregivers
Who is your Current Employer?
Please share your current employer or indicate that you're between roles.
What is your Current Role?
Please share your current role or indicate what role you're looking for.
Update your profile
Back
Thanks, your profile is all set!
Heads up - this website uses cookies!
At Ellevate, we use cookies to personalize the content you see, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Data we collect as you use the Ellevate website is processed and stored in the United States. You consent to the transfer of data from your location to the United States if you continue to use our website.
Yes, I Consent