Pittsburgh Young Professionals - Events
Remember me
Forgot password
Home
Events
Event Guidelines
Membership
General Membership
Social Membership
Professional Membership
My Profile
Directory
SMS Consent doc
Opportunities
Donate to PYP
Board of Directors Application
Sponsorships
Committee Chair Applications
Resources
JOIN US
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Google
Remember me
Forgot password
Upcoming Events
If you need to cancel your registration, log in, click Already Registered for the event, then click Cancel Registration.  You do not need to contact PYP in order to cancel.
PYP offers approximately 45 events annually ranging from social gatherings, professional development opportunities, relaxed dinners, and community involvement. In order to register for events you must be a PYP member.  If you are not currently a member,
click here
to see our free and paid membership packages. Please register below.
Upcoming events
Switch to Calendar View
Why Financial Planning Matters- PYP Virtual Lunch & Learn
When
Thursday, August 14, 2025
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM (EDT)
Location
Zoom
Spaces left
25
Register
Money is such a crucial thing in our world, but yet so many of us have not had the proper education and training about financial planning, and why it matters. That is where Kaitlyn comes into the picture.
Kaitlyn’s journey to becoming a trusted financial advisor was shaped by her diverse background in healthcare, management, and finance. A proud graduate of Duquesne University’s Mylan School of Pharmacy, she earned her Doctor of Pharmacy degree with a concentration in management and Pharmacoeconomics. Early in her career, Kaitlyn worked as a clinical advisor, partnering with national health plans to recommend cost-saving strategies. While she found this work fulfilling, she noticed a significant gap—many healthcare professionals struggled to manage their own unique financial situations. This realization sparked a shift in her career path, as she decided to pivot from healthcare to financial planning, inspired by her father's legacy in the industry.
This Virtual Lunch & Learn will follow this basic agenda.
i. Why Financial Planning Matters
ii. Budgeting & Cash Flow Basics
iii. Managing Debt Smartly
iv. Saving for Short & Long-Term Goals
v. Investing 101
vi. Insurance & Risk Management
vii. Building a Financial Action Plan
Following Registration, please use this link to enter the zoom event:
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81496049019?pwd=AaLOQgIwDBLXcX7ARwR9dSzbWwV97L.1
Meeting ID: 814 9604 9019
Passcode: gsfg
This Virtual event will provide great tips and resources about finances and how you can have a better grasp on your own personal finances.
Show details
Powered by
Wild Apricot
Membership Software
Please wait...

