Product community events - Mind the Product
Editorial
Content
Articles
Podcast
Content A-Z
Product Unplugged Series
Recent articles
Artificial intelligence (AI)
JUL 31
Meta and Microsoft results, Figma’s successful IPO: This week’s news roundup
With AI investment behind the impressive results from Microsoft and Meta, a successful IPO from Figma, and adult content in the Online Safety Act, here’s the news that caught our attention this week. Successful IPO gives Figma $19 billion valuation Collaborative tools designer Figma had its initial public offering this week, with the company IPO
A/B Testing
JUL 31
10 reasons why A/B testing might be the wrong move
A/B testing has become the gold standard of data-driven decision-making, especially as companies shift toward product-led roadmaps. Every button color, headline, and feature rollout now seems to demand its own scientific experiment. But here’s the kicker—not every decision needs (or deserves) an A/B test. In fact, blindly running tests can slow you down, burn resources,
Community
Community
Community events
Free Slack community
Product Leadership Program
ProductTank
Find your local meetup
Events
Upcoming Conferences
INDUSTRY 2025 (Cleveland, OH)
#mtpcon London 2026
All conferences
Conference recaps
Upcoming events
31
Jul
ProductTank Santiago
1
Aug
ProductTank Thanh Pho Ho Chi Minh
2
Aug
ProductTank Delhi
Resources
Resources
Job board
AI Knowledge Hub
Certification Courses
Recommended books
Training
Videos
Jobs
Meta and Microsoft results, Figma's successful IPO: This week's news roundup
10 reasons why A/B testing might be the wrong move
Bridge the learning gap: product theory vs product practice
The quiet power of internal tools: Scaling product innovation through invisible infrastructure
How prompt engineering is teaching us to communicate like product leaders
Sunday Rewind: Building fair and innovative teams: The promise and power of behavioural science by Bibi Groot
Walmart rolls out AI-powered super agents, OpenAI launches ChatGPT Agent: this week's news roundup
How to turn data into product ‘sense’
Product community events
ProductTank meetups and conferences, presented by Mind the Product
Mind the Product community events are your hub for product excellence and connection.
Welcome to the Mind the Product community! Whether you're just starting your journey in product management, have a few years under your belt and are eager to strengthen your craft, or are a seasoned product leader looking to connect with peers, we have community spaces for you to learn from and connect with others.
Join us to access a wealth of resources, engage in enriching discussions, and build meaningful connections with product enthusiasts from around the globe. With events hosted in over 160 cities worldwide, Mind the Product is dedicated to supporting your growth, no matter where you are on your product journey.
Upcoming events
13 events    of 37 worldwide
North America
5
Aug
ProductTank DFW
Dallas, US 🇺🇸
11
Aug
ProductTank Chicago
Chicago, US 🇺🇸
12
Aug
ProductTank Madison
Madison, US 🇺🇸
12
Aug
ProductTank Toronto
Toronto, CA 🇨🇦
18
Aug
ProductTank Columbus
Columbus, US 🇺🇸
20
Aug
ProductTank SF
San Francisco, US 🇺🇸
21
Aug
ProductTank Seattle
Seattle, US 🇺🇸
21
Aug
ProductTank Waterloo
Waterloo, CA 🇨🇦
28
Aug
ProductTank Orlando
Orlando, US 🇺🇸
17
Sep
ProductTank Salt Lake City
Salt Lake City, US 🇺🇸
18
Sep
ProductTank Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh, US 🇺🇸
16
Oct
ProductTank Los Angeles
Los Angeles, US 🇺🇸
16
Oct
ProductTank Chicago
Chicago, US 🇺🇸
Become a better product manager
Learn from product experts and become part of the world’s most engaged community for product managers
Create free account
Company
About us
Our manifesto
Contact us
Careers
Get involved
Join an event
Join us on Slack
Discover ProductTank
Contribute
Sponsor Mind the Product
Write for Mind the Product
Speak at Mind the Product
Follow us
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookies Settings
Code of Conduct
FAQ
© 2025 Pendo.io, Inc. All rights reserved. Pendo trademarks, product names, logos and other marks and designs are trademarks of Pendo.io, Inc. or its subsidiaries and may not be used without permission.
Your privacy
By using our site, you agree to storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Confirm My Choices